hey guys what's up I'm back again here
with the ipod touch 4th generation you
guys sell me unbox it you guys sell the
problem i had with it yes i did return
to stores and got a new one the problem
was fixed so i'm here just do a much
overdue review / walkthrough of it its
going over some quick cool features
apple putting latest ipod touch and it
started so if you're not thinking about
getting the apple ipod touch 4th
generation it does come shipped with iOS
4.1 that includes Game Center and you
can upload your videos to YouTube
Facebook etc over Wi-Fi down here moving
from left to right you have your speaker
also serves as a mic your 30-pin dock
connector and your headphone jack over
here to the side you've got your up and
down volume wait for it to focus
obviously it's not going to there we go
you get your up and down volume top
you've got your sleep and awake button
that is a sort of engraved in the back
so when you're going to turn it off it
turn it in the back you gotta pick out
find up you get used to it so moving on
to the cameras there are two cameras
located the ipod touch 4th generation
the front facing camera serves that
scandal for facetime is a vga camera
also like also seen on the iphone 4 and
the back-facing camera that does shoot
in 720p HD video that that is for video
then the still photos the megapixels for
that is just under 1 megapixel which
isn't all that great but hey it's a
camera in the ipod touch
there's the frog basin camera take a
quick look at it it's very crisp very
clear to see all the colors and here's
the back camera as you can see not as
good as the front-facing can't burn the
back-facing camera but still it's a work
it's still pretty good for facetime
stuff if you're not looking for anything
too fancy moving on to the screen it is
a 3.5 inch multi-touch screen that is a
retina display so very clear you could
barely even define the pixels it is six
as 960 x 640 resolution with 326 pixels
per inch so very nice very clear
although this does not offer the IPS a
feature that you do see any iphone 4 so
yeah even for will be a little bit more
crisp but you won't be able to tell the
difference thickness of the device is
just barely under an inch to point or
0.2 8 inches to be exact again the
device is very light it's three point
five six ounces so very light very slim
feels nice in your hands I think that
the money that you're paying for this
drinking at 32 gigabyte which most
people are which is three hundred
dollars I think for the money it's worth
it it's very prepared it's very similar
to the iphone 4 and I'm hearing people
out there saying those not similar to
the iphone 4s will phone shut up its
people i don't want have a contract with
ATT this is perfect i would recommend
you take this up even though the cameras
aren't all that great and doesn't have
the IPS that the f & 4 has really those
things aren't gonna make much of a
difference if you're just looking for a
cheap portable mp3 player that offers
great features similar keyboard they're
similar guys to the iphone 4 think this
is a great buy i would recommend to
anybody
I had recommended 32-gigabyte because
the eight is way too small sixty-four
way too big and overpriced i'm not
paying four hundred dollars for
something that i'm probably not going to
get my full money out of but yeah i
guess that's just some of the specs on
the iphone or rifle for ipod touch 4th
generation I'd love to hear your
thoughts go ahead and click the
subscribe button above guys and kind of
blow to me you know if I missed anything
what do you tell me what you guys think
of the ipod touch 4th generation if you
have it tell me if you don't tell me you
know what you think is great about this
or are you going to get this video guys
thanks for watching if you guys liked
the video hit the like button and be
sure to comment below tell me your
thoughts on the ipod touch 4th
generation too much time guys peace